Smoke weed everyday!
Have you ever seen the back of $20 bill on WEED?!?!
You can't get tired out smoking weed when you have a lot of different pieces and ways to smoke
When someone tells you to take a chill pill are they really telling you to smoke a bowl? I think yes!
I don't follow my dreams, I follow the bud!
If I was a ham, I'd be a baked ham!
If you get pulled over and arrested high, is it a DUHIGH?
Getting high and talking about the other times you got high >>>>>
Dude I'm so high I could......... Hahaha
You know your a stoner when you put a pizza in the oven and put it to 420 degrees, when its suppose to be 400
Why go outside to see the Milky Way, when I have it in my bong!
Dude later we should..........I totally forgot what I was about to say.
I have something in common with Chief Keef, I hate bein soooobaaa!
Clean ya asshole and smoke some bud!
If I was a fish, I'd be a shell fish!
Honestly my D.A.R.E. shirt is probably my favorite shirt to smoke in!
Is it just me or when I put eyedrops in that's when the paranoia kicks in?
I don't need to buy a big HDTV I can just smoke this blunt and look at this 32" #WeedMakesEverythingHD
That stare you give the blunt when someone talks with it in their hand. #PassIt
Save trees, smoke plants #weed #baked
Sticks and stones may brake my bones but weed will never hurt me. #baked
Got so high last night that the brownie I was eating looked like the bowl I was smoking, and the bowl looked like the brownie. #BakedAsFuck
Call me Sylvester Stillstoned #StayUP
If I'm smoking dank and your smoking fake, then your probably not high but I'm fucking blazed! #OnlyDank
Live Stoned! #Nike
*first time getting high* "I don't even feel anyth....Woah.
I don't think there's anything I couldn't make a piece out if. RT if your the same! #StonerSmart
How much weed could a woodchuck smoke if a woodchuck could smoke weed?
Glad I chose to smoke tonight, wouldn't want to wake up with a hangover! #FuckDrinking
Who hasn't tried to drink the bong water?
Trey can hardly carry a tune in a brief case, but I’ll noodle to him all night 🐟
Don't Worry, I'm not gonna do what everybody thinks i'm gonna do which is just flip out man #HalfBaked
It's punk rock, Man! We can do that; we can be punks, Man! #Cheech
The buying and selling of dope in this country may be the last vestige of free enterprise left
Isn't weird how chairs exist even when you're not sitting on them?
When I was growing pot, I realized that the more seeds I planted, the more pot I could ultimately smoke
Weed, it’s what’s for dinner
Is that freedom rock man?
Who decides the alphabet was in alphabetical order. Haha haha
If you smoke weed on a boat, does that make it seaweed?
A didgeridoo is just a musical bong
Berkfest 2K changed my life
Weed is just natures way of saying high
Dabs will change your life
Money can't buy happiness but it can buy weed which is pretty fucking close
Bong rips build character
When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself
Smoke the marijuana and get high. Stay above the wicked and fly
I am always high, because the universe is so low
I can’t complain when I’ve got Mary Jane
Don't forget to bring a towel!